trouble trouble let's go let's go I
making wounds are still digging at home
Vicki no soul my family the road just
like the oceans got a life for the crime
people say house open please see me run
a trial chase but I blow them 79 hours
for a spoon line right now I got a son
so you know I feel right right now and
if you day gets better but when he goes
bad at a water upset our own bat when
things settle its my hands and I forever
ready centralized a trophy hide the back
on the block the miners Harper I never
left I'm in and ready take clever steps
till I beat all pricks and he talked
real I ready break I'm heavy rebar song
I can't stop here I'm here talk here
like Jeremy Clarkson head of the race
wanna race to the chase while the screws
my free rule our heading the starter
yeah the corner I was caught smoking la
merced by eight on the streets of money
being stupid was I perfect assignment
grammar you can catch me on the block
walking with swagger that's four star
wallet contagious our souls where
everybody's out for himself because it
stays dry everybody's got any that's why
you see every young nigga right brother
Han Suri I'm on the Block keep doing the
same shot on my eyes peeled for the hot
cock ever got attend the wrist but I
don't wanna hang was on my wrist could
you know i got doing for my kids I
repping their ends and reppin my boys we
met North noise but you know we reppin a
train don't read not be joking with me
shutting of X and Gen do you want the
traitor no matter what to say yeah we
got a 16 yo nigga 16 catches
BBM it's the fifth even he paid your
money I baby weakens our money I'm ha ha
I made the whole babes Bobby finstock
cuz I'm doing what I should be doing i
make you rock the block balls on the
paper pink our trades or just fall like
a burning ball like football folk Golden
Rose slow come on she let's keep it
moving while you keep on losing check my
technique on the feed yeah I keep
improving delayed me come to the stream
to get the speaker's boo boo get the
people who this is reform you yes it
will get your book to this man fronting
like it's more that he loves to me
sounds that's the hope yeah your
testicle he sees will breed and the kid
lots of pounds like Lisa fit while
you're doing at No Way actions are this
is real life these ain't no action bars
whole team be rocking hard for the star
followed my heart own time zone need to
be acting hard cause like face to pay
the beer face in the brand in the mirror
face to face face it my way sway the
place for the move state state me my
cake dragged away by blood I say the
same I'm trying to move from place to
place and I'm paste apace to a goood
them aged a day yeah mine didn't get
paid for monday sunday then 12 hour
shifts I gotta get the Christmas gifts
you know me do this wreckage on 82 the g
you know amor degree 50 and t & L's you
know that visually dank and slow growing
boy and scared of you would spit on my
ends I won't listen when I do I roll out
in the bend a hot day like 90 sure to
the sweater shop cook from king pair of
trainers from night shoot there's no
stopping us tell your boss and dustin
one quad just coughing fuck
his own opinions on and OSHA trouble if
trouble comes up with his own fucking
its look while i speaking my boss the
streets love the way that i can pay
pictures we works I figured back to the
days I used to sit on the curb in the
midst ke pcs from the priests girls man
I spit when I figure in it it were
overweight i hope her lover minds are
doing the fee speak hard and I do it to
win still I'm ready for prom or the song
yeah it's tough Golden Boy empty belly
bags ready a game house lone soldier
chops left eye right I'm sorry through
this whole nine see me yo big o atoms
hey I see to go ogio your head soon
reach now we do this we don't see murder
gee I don't scream at me know your
Bacchus don't know order from s Calvin
smoothie yes